Epic!
Thanks Moldovan for the art.
Quite Amazed.
Gamer Moment
This is a random splash screen!
Test 123, 123...
Red, Yellow, Green, Blue, White!
Colorful!
Beware, Reddie is here!
Level Editor!
Made By Infiland!
Added New Challenges!
Press Start!
Touch Fuzzy, get Dizzy!
Something is lurking around.
Lots of stuff to do, lots of stuff to learn.
Make your own levels in Level Editor!
You can go to settings and change the colorblind option to Grayscale if you don't like colors.
Thank you TheDarkBomber for making some amazing levels!
1024x768 is doomed to fail
Poof!
Dank memes.
Good day today? Eh?
Easy to play, hard to master.
You are breathtaking!
FUN FACT: The Campaign has 100 levels, beat them all to get an ending!
Over 350 levels included.
A simple dot game.
No, this cannot be happening.
Kaizo levels since 2019!
This game is hard!
This game isn't easy!
Don't like the current look? Try unlocking skins in the Fun Mode Menu!
Feel like you've mastered The Colorful Creature? Try the Kaizo Challenge!
Want more levels? Try challenges in Fun Mode!
[INSERT SPLASH TEXT HERE | OUT OF IDEAS]
No, I don't think he will.
Oh that Infiland guy made that fake 'red ball game'
You shall not pass.
Is the music loud? Lower the volume by going to the settings!
Hate those god damn sounds? Lower the volume by going to the settings!
What's popping?
Want to contribute? Go to https://github.com/Infiland/TheColorfulCreature
FUN FACT: Beating Hardmode rewards you handsomely. Perhaps a... better ending?
Only on PC/Linux and Mobile!
All of the colors are MINE!
I've made a severe and continuous lapse of my judgement...
Available on Windows, Linux and Android!
PING! PONG!
Hapi Hapi Haaaaapiiii!
Red Color + Yellow Reddie = DEAD!
Development since September 3rd 2018.
Red Color + Red Reddie = NOT dead!
Reddie!
Is it really that time again?
The cake is a lie.
Made with love and tears.
Support the Developer!
Be careful around other colors!
Try beating the game without collecting any coins.
Try beating the game in hardmode, see how long you last.
PRO TIP: Use coins to skip levels, but only if they are hard for you.
Brofist.
Where do you want to go today?
SUIIIIIIIII
The Colorful Creature!
RED: The color of Danger and Courage.
YELLOW: The color of Happiness, Glory, Harmony and Wisdom.
GREEN: The color of Safety and Permission.
BLUE: The color of Intelligence, Knowledge, Calm and Concentration.
WHITE: The color of Perfection, The Good, Honesty, Cleanliness, and beginning
Colorblind option is here!
Inspired from the game 'Color Master'
Welcome to City 17. It's safer here...
Report bugs in the Support Menu!
Ok, this is epic.
Rest in peace Technoblade
Meme Review
That's an great price.
Try Destruction Darius.
Thanks 3kilksphilip for the permission to use your songs!
Play 'Jimmy's Unlikely Resurrection' on Newgrounds, and you might be suprised.
Up to date!
Where's the 6th color?!!?!?!
Lmao
^_^
PRO TIP: Look the level closely before you play.
Performance? Go to settings to make it better!
For Starters, play the Campaign first
Actually, the game just runs too well.
In the code, this is the official 100th splash text.
12345 is a bad password.
Cool music.
CRT Monitor Gang where yall at?
I love the 90s
Welcome to your doom!
https://discord.gg/NU5ZeE5
Speedrunners are awesome!
Roses are red, violets are blue...
Clouds are sometimes cool.
Made for speedrunners in mind!
Try Out Hard Mode!
Don't clip through the walls!
Backrooms are scary!
What's Up!
This is a randomly chosen splash text...
sv_cheats 1
Thank you.
Damnnn
Big Brain
College is important!
What?!
Remember when the game used to be free? Yeah...
Awesome Edition.
High refresh rate options are a mistake
Spin the wheel baby!
Hat Merchant can be accessed in the menu if you meet him in-game.
Grind for hats!
[fnt_secret1]Pixel Font!
[c_red]This text is red.
[c_yellow]This text is yellow.
[c_green]This text is green.
[c_blue]This text is blue.
[c_purple]This text is purple.
[c_lime]This text is lime.
[c_silver]This text is silver.
[c_orange]This text is orange.
[c_dkgray]This text is dark gray.
You are special.
I love you.
There is so much level editor possibilities!
Needs more features!
Big Brother is watching you.
Performance issues? FPS Drops? Go mess around in the settings!
'This game is pretty optimized' - People
Cruel World
Oh boy cannot wait!
QWERTY!
Soundtrack by Infiland!
Skin Tip: Can't unlock something normally? Try the Calendar! Every week there's a skin available!
This piece of text has a color of RAINBOW.
With the help of Sundalanian.
I hate bugs in my game.
R A N D O M I Z E D   U S E L E S S   T E X T . . .
World Wide Web.
Your text could be HERE!
Some hats are expensive, but you can get a discount if you buy hats in hardmode!
Epic gamer moment!
Like the soundtrack? Buy it on Steam!
Alo bre
Every skin you unlock here in this game is free!
No artist can match Reddie's craft.
Good luck mate!
gg
Good Game
How much text is there?
...splashes seems infinite...
In the game you used to spend 5 coins instead of 4 to skip a level. What a discount!
Damn son.
ARGGGHHH
Ahoy player, 'tis time fer an adventure!
As a dev, I hate networking.
NOW WITH LOCAL MULTIPLAYER.
who's joe
You bought TCC, or maybe you didn't. Whatever, thanks for trying it out.
PRO TIP: EACH spike has 0.01% chance of becoming weird.
Can't touch this.
PRO TIP: EACH spike has 0.1% chance of becoming golden.
New Main Menu Music!
Save Magenta.
Endless run is fun!
Join our discord in the support section!
3D Blocks included!
Subscribe to me on youtube!
PS1 graphics included!
You're looking good with that skin.
Each world has 20 levels in the main campaign!
VGhpcyB0ZXh0IGlzIGVuY29kZWQgdG8gQmFzZTY0
- .... .. ... / - . -..- - / .. ... / . -. -.-. --- -.. . -.. / - --- / -- --- .-. ... . / -.-. --- -.. .
Are you even reading this?
Finally the game's done.
Asteroids ++ is free, you know?
New challenges await!
You can finally use a controller!
Click on achievements to amaze yourself!
Some skins include 45 frames of the player, EACH! Damn isn't that frustraiting...
I sometimes forget what I write here in splash texts.
Made with GameMaker
Customize your look in the Skins Menu which is in Fun Mode.
Want to look different? Go to the skins menu in fun mode.
G U N
Pew Pew Peeeeew.
Achievements included.
Would you like a cup of tea?
Can run on almost every single computer.
OPTIMIZATION ON.
How many texts are there?
Collect ammo in the game when you get a weapon.
PRO TIP: You can destroy homing rockets and enemy bullets with your own bullets.
Crazy Stuff I must say...
Slaying the bugs.
v i b e    c h e c k [s_gun]
Runs even on 1 GHZ Computers.
Wow!
About 1GB of RAM Required.
Level Editor has over a million possible combinations.
Legendary Skins are harder to get in the game. Find a way to unlock them.
How do you do fellow player?
Report bugs by clicking the 'Support the Developer' button in the title menu.
Rest in Peace Windows 8... Actually I take that back.
You can now make large levels!
If you want a precise timer while playing, go to settings and disable 'Time Decimals'.
Horray.
!sdrawkcab si txet sihT
Thank you for downloading the game!
One day I might even repeat myself up here, maybe I won't, who knows...
If you wanna see how long you've played in total, check your stats then!
Dooooooooooot
I've wrote so many text messages in this title menu.
Laugh out loud.
I AM MAKING A NEW GAME, ASTEROIDS++! CHECK IT OUT!
I AM MAKING A NEW GAME, MONOPHOBIA ECHOES! CHECK IT OUT!
PRO TIP: While blue, you can accelerate faster on ice blocks.
PRO TIP: While white, you can accelerate slower on ice blocks.
Sorry for the big wait...
Now with unrealistic physics!
Now with Ice Blocks and Boxes!
Did you know that colored photography began in 1840's?
Are you entertained?
Sit tight.
Stay Safe!
Backgrounds are now a thing. Cool!
Look how pretty this looks!
PRO TIP: Go back and fourth in menus to see different texts! You may find something...
Did you know that the game was corrupted at one point? Yea, crazy right?
PRO TIP: This is a pro tip?
Slopes are not broken at all
Handshake!
PRO TIP: In some hard levels, if you have a ton of deaths, they get easier for newbies.
There are secrets scattered in the game, go ahead and find them!
Wanna contribute to the game? Go to the support section!
Keep it up, proud of you.
Du tu ruu.
Join the party.
Do Re Mi Fa Sol La Si Do
You can just go to a different part of the main menu and come back to see this text change again.
I AM JUST SPLASH TEXT PLEASE DON'T GO OR I WILL DIE!
idkman
What's 9 plus 10?
PRO TIP: 1UPS in hardmode have a bigger hitbox than coins!
LUL
Thanks PowerMaster
Check your stats!
Zzzzzzzzzzz
Color or Colour? Who cares it's the same thing!
Stay hydrated.
This has to be the game of the year
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40
Are you excited?
Hey you can try out the new calendar!
Yo.
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Check your achievements!
Welcome to the game!
Welcome Back!
How hard can this possibly be?
Want more levels? Go to Start > Fun Mode > Challenges!
Protip: When you beat a challenge you get a reward! (eg. skin)
Ever saw a golden spike?
Protip: Every world in the main game has a boss.
What are you looking at?
Do you like the game? Check the support section!
Join our discord server to hear about upcoming updates!
Endless run is available in funmode. How long can you last?
Settings!
You can choose settings presets to quickly adjust the quality settings.
The Calendar contains user levels created by the community, so don't complain!
How cool is all of this?
It keeps... expanding...
Endless run features endless content, or does it?
Click play!
Now running in a better compiler.
Writing this feels like writing a book, sort of.
Five little monkeys jumping on the bed.
A lot of these are plain garbage text.
If you pressed F3, you can enable debug windows.
If you pressed F4, you can quickly fullscreen.
Pog
How bro?
Yeah.
That's a cool title!
There are probably millions of these.
/v/
10 GOTO 20
Simple as that.
:)
If you want to support me, you can click the button in the bottom left. Thanks :)
Unlock a skin!
Beat a challenge!
Change controls in settings if you don't think they are suitable.
Even your grandma's computer won't have issues running this!
Overusing 'if else' is quite bad
Now with something!
No running in the halls
When will you learn?
Actions have consequences.
printf(''Hello'');
Play another game from Infiland, Monophobia!
Wahooooo!
Shoutouts to Simpleflips.
Shoutout to yall.
This is crazy!
Please report bugs in the Bug reporter. It is in the support section.
Check the official twitter account: @TCC_Game
You can enable custom splash texts in settings
Node Graph out of Date. Rebuilding...
Features: More splash texts! Lovely.
L is Real 2401
One day, you will see this text once again, filling you with satisfying or unsatisfying moments.
There is a story of a man named Stanley...
Speedrunning is real in this game.
[rainbow]W1% | bobinsky01 | 1:29:510
BREAKING NEWS!
[rainbow]Why is this specific text in rainbow color? We don't know. Don't ask. Maybe it's for the best.
Is this my life now? Writing hundreds or maybe infinite lines of text and code in here?
Dune is a good sci-fi book!
Don't write anything in the skin menu in page 2. Oh wait, I shouldn't have said that.
Why are you reading this? Like what is so important in this text?"
Hello there sir.
A lot of new stuff!
A lot of optimizations were made, like... a lot!
Hi there! Would you like to sign a petition?
Everybody do a flop!
It's muffin time!
I like trains
EXTRA PRECISE!
What is the meaning of life?
All splashes here are unimportant. OR ARE THEY?
Splash!
Did you know you can type in the skin menu? Wait, nevermind...
This is ridonculous!
How many attempts you've wasted on the Kaizo Challenge?
Where are the other colors?
Don't read this! Aaaah gosh, you've read it!
Hi chat :)
What was your long-lasting wish? Oh I know! It's controller support!
Created by a single developer, Infiland.
Reddie's about to rizz in the Main Campaign
Zorch!
Speedrunner friendly!
F***
Thy flesh consumed.
Inferno.
The shores of hell.
ERROR 404
Knee-Deep in the dead.
1,094,795,585!
Since there is rich presence, you can see if other people are playing TCC!
Kitchen gun. BANG! BANG! BANG!
Kifflom
Isn't this just SuperTux?
Thanks Monou for the Linux Support.
Not inspired by Red Ball.
Up Down Up Down Left Right Left Right B A Start
Du, duru ru ru, du ru ru ruu
Super Hexagon
If you are colorblind, go to visual settings and pick your preferable setting!
Penguins are glad to hear that a linux port is finally here!
Wake up Reddie, we have troops to burn.
No taxes included!
It's time to kick ass and chew bubblegum.
Protip: You can also get credits by completing quests!
Not inspired by Bouncy Tales.
3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679
Wanna play with friends? Try local multiplayer.
Do you want 'endless' content? Try endless run!
Petition to make more splashtexts
Every splash text is special!
Every game needs splash texts!
I have no strong feelings one way or the other.
Why is Reddie starting out as specifically red?
DOWNWARD SPIRAL DOWNWARD SPIRAL DOWNWARD SPIRAL DOWNWARD SPIRAL DOWNWARD SPIRAL DOWNWARD SPIRAL DOWNWARD SPIRAL
The invisible skin is not a bug, it's a feature!
If you have any feedback please visit the support section!
Found a nasty bug? Please visit the support section!
Do you want us to add something new? Please visit the support section!
Introducing Custom Endless Run! Customize Endless Possibilities!
Want MAXIMUM DETAIL? Go to settings and click the 'high' quality preset :)
I'm making people hate my game :)
You are reading this text, aren't you.
This text will be ignored by many.
THIS TEXT WILL BE NOTICED BY MANY!
More splash texts than Minecraft. Take that Mojang!
Welcome to the 'SUPA DUPA PREMIUM VERSION' of The Colorful Creature! Only on Steam!
So, you've bought the game! Thank you very much! (unless you got a key lol)
Waah! Golden Legendary!
The Dopefish Lives!
Alt F4 for God Mode
I can't imagine how I made this without any UI components
One like = one prayer
It's been 6 months since the dev server posted a splashtext help
Player 3 deserves a break man :(
Sydew says hello from the top secret dev server!
dha too op
Speedrunning is fun.
Play Seasonal Endless Run to get those badges in the menu!
STOP POSTING ABOUT 4:3 I'M TIRED OF SEEING IT, MY FRIENDS ON TIKTOK SEND ME MEMES ON DISCORD IT'S
Steam Achievements is the best thing humanity invented.
Steam Workshop is the best thing humanity invented.
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly.
Is anyone reading these?
Did you know that Infiland loves drinking water?
Playing W1-L1 since 2018!
Did you know that 1 + 1 is 2?
BREAKING NEWS: Chickens are invading space by laying eggs out!
Worth 3.49 Euros!
The entire game was made faster than Geometry Dash 2.2... Wait, it's out? Ooops
Thank you sadzake for contributing!
The definition of a 0$ budget game
I like memes, you like memes, we all like memes.
Why do I keep updating this game?
Did you know that this splashtext is just from a .txt file? Wow!
Roasting myself: All levels are red.
We love Geometry Dash!"
W5-L20 is the hardest level because it crashes.
DON'T PLAY TCC AT 3AM (CURSED)
This game's broken lol
I wanna be the very best
Get deez diamond medalz
Did you know that Infiland loves Steam Achievements?
Probably can be played on the SteamDeck, maybe...
Now you can play custom levels! Sort of.
The Calendar is going to doom us all!
What if there were more colors?
Super Difficult!
the end is never the end is never the end is never end is never the end is never the end is never the end
He entered in the door on his left.
What if the super artificial intelligence is writing this splash text? Hm...
Kaizo Challenge 2 when?
World 8 when?
Thanks dha for translating in Italian!
Thanks BLaacK for translating in German!
Thanks KD_10 for translating in German!
Thanks Reisch for translating in German!
Thanks Maghreb for translating in French!
Thanks devc for translating in German!
Mortis!
Thanks SuperYoshi_13 for translating in Spanish!
Thanks Nightmareyoc for translating in Hungarian!
Thanks Infiland for nothing!
Geez, the youth these days!
[fnt_classic]beat a world that has been locked by the previous one
Why are people paying for Discord Nitro anyway? (Discord don't sue plz)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
If you are playing this on steam, thanks :)
You can now share your levels on Steam Workshop!
Pssst, there are hidden worlds that you can find!
Nope, we aren't changing the Twitter logo.
What do you mean there's a 7th world?
Do you understand anything? If not, you can change languages!
They say that the 7th World makes people leave a negative review.
The best purchase of your life!
y u do dis?
A small loan of a million dollars.
Buttons are more sexier on Steam!
DMCA-Free!
Infiland REALLY likes water!
The Factory Must Grow...
Where's the Freedom update?
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way that a bee should be able to fly. It's wings are
Ski-Ba-Bop-Ba-Dop-Bop!
Spikes are never your friends, don't forget that!
Workshop is here!
Infiland hates multiplayer games, that's why he sucks at networking!
Who even put this here?
999,999,999+ Social Credits (for playing TCC)
The official soundtrack of TCC is now also on Steam
Slopes when?
You can play workshop levels!
You can publish your workshop levels in the level editor!
reeeeee
Damn son, where'd ya find this?
Mom get the camera
This is the future of gaming
[wave][rainbow]INSANEEEEEEEEEEE[/wave][/rainbow]
[pulse][c_red]Don't touch that dial now, we are just getting started...
I died on LADDER-L3[scale,0.2]  [s_skull]
Don't tell Infiland that before the 'freedom' update, you can click the 'help development' button!!